hey send me to finish my turn sit what
happened what did you tell me everything
they do that to remove the jaw ah
consider yourself very very lucky next
let's me I forgettin I'm next there's
hmm does that have an appointment ask
her I'm off duty I've been saving all
month for this I think I need a root
canal I'm sure I need a long slow root
canal let's go I her history of dental
problems yeah Yes Doctor I went to a
terrible dentist on a Wednesday who is
recommended neva somebody that i saw on
monday was the brother of a man that i
usually stay on sundays and their mother
actually taught them everything that
they know she's incredibly gifted and
quite elderly and a lot of people think
she shouldn't be working but I go to her
because I'm just incredibly devoted to
her strength oh she can't really see who
you are but she knows she knows the
sound of your voice and if you tell her
where it is the problem she eventually
works the way back and she finds the
trouble and she does it I wish I had
that family cuz i can only go so long
that's how i want to be i don't ever
want to have to beat this Humpty Yes
Doctor I remember the first time I went
to Dennis I thought gosh with a neat job
if only I were a dentist the dentist i
went to hide the greatest car he had a
Corvette I thought my gosh everybody
calls him doctor and he's not really a
doctor oh my god
only I got out of here okay and then but
then you know I think it's a finished
beginning a candy guard I thought
license this is what i get a candy bar
this is what you do you go through a
little thing and you get talked out of
it we're getting to work with incredible
professionals he's incredibly incredibly
wonderful equipment not it's like a look
at that mouth say ah yeah great oh you
are something special you are something
special come on it's your
professionalism that I respect oh haha
go for yeah yeah come on yeah what do
you want oh oh yes yes yeah what's wrong
get out
s'matter go okay right this way each and
every one of my friends about you and
they're gonna hear about it yeah what's
this oops sorry goddamn sick